Move the technical docs to serverless-manager (#166)
kyma-project/serverless-manager: docs/user/07-40-git-source-type.md

# Git source type

Depending on a runtime you use to build your Function (Node.js or Python), your Git repository must contain at least a directory with these files:

- `handler.js` or `handler.py` with Function's code
- `package.json` or `requirements.txt` with Function's dependencies

The Function CR must contain **spec.source.gitRepository** to specify that you use a Git repository for the Function's sources.

To create a Function with the Git source, you must:

1. Create a [Secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) (optional, only if you must authenticate to the repository).
2. Create a [Function CR](/docs/user/06-10-function.md) with your Function definition and references to the Git repository.

>**NOTE:** For detailed steps, see the tutorial on [creating a Function from Git repository sources](/docs/user/03-11-create-git-function.md).

You can have various setups for your Function's Git source with different:

- Directory structures

>   You can specify the location of your code dependencies with the **baseDir** parameter in the Function CR. For example, use `"/"` if you keep the source files at the root of your repository.

Reviewer: Consistent sentence structure for all three paragraphs

```suggestion
  To specify the location of your code dependencies, use the **baseDir** parameter in the Function CR. For example, use `"/"` if you keep the source files at the root of your repository.
```

- Authentication methods

>   You can define with the **spec.source.gitRepository.auth** parameter in the Function CR that you must authenticate to the repository with a password or token (`basic`), or an SSH key (`key`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To define that you must authenticate to the repository with a password or token (`basic`), or an SSH key (`key`), use the **spec.source.gitRepository.auth** parameter in the Function CR.
```

- Function's rebuild triggers

>   You can use the **spec.source.gitRepository.reference** parameter in the Function CR to define whether the Function Controller must monitor a given branch or commit in the Git repository to rebuild the Function upon their changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To define whether the Function Controller must monitor a given branch or commit in the Git repository to rebuild the Function upon their changes, use the **spec.source.gitRepository.reference** parameter in the Function CR.
```
